# Authentic Scan Suite
The Authentic Scan Suite is a comprehensive solution tailored to address the escalating concerns surrounding digital identity verification. Consisting of robust features including URL validation, fake profile detection, and Aadhaar verification, this suite offers a multifaceted approach to bolster the trustworthiness and security of online interactions. Authentic Scan Suite meticulously evaluates URLs, swiftly identifying and neutralizing potential threats such as phishing attacks, thereby safeguarding users against malicious online activities. Authentic Scan Suite ensures reliable identity authentication processes, enhancing trust and enabling secure transactions in the Indian digital landscape.
# URL Validation Page
This page consists of two parts:
Detecting Real or Fake URL: In this part, the system checks whether the given URL is legitimate or fake. If the URL is determined to be real, the link associated with it is displayed. Users can click on the link to open it in their browser and access the corresponding web page.
QR Code Verification: In this section, the system verifies whether the provided QR code is genuine or counterfeit. If the QR code is confirmed to be authentic, the link embedded within the QR code is displayed. Users can click on the link to open it in a new browser tab and access the associated content.
# Fake Profile Detection Page
This page is utilized to discern whether a profile is genuine or counterfeit. Users are required to furnish details about the profile, such as the profile link, name length, description length, and whether the profile is private. All fields are mandatory. To enhance user-friendliness, we have included functionality to determine the length of the name and description on the right side of the page. Here, users can input text into the provided input box to ascertain the length. Upon submission of all details, if the profile is deemed genuine, the profile link will be displayed on the screen; otherwise, it will be labeled as fake.
# Aadhaar Number Verification Page
This page is designed to determine the validity of a given Aadhaar number. Users are required to input the Aadhaar number into the provided input box and then click the "Submit" button. Upon submission, the output will be displayed as "Valid" if the given number is deemed valid; otherwise, it will be labeled as "Invalid." Additionally, on the right side of the page, users have the option to detect the validity of a bulk of Aadhaar numbers by uploading a file. Along with the file, users must specify the column name containing the Aadhaar numbers. Upon uploading, an output file will be generated and automatically downloaded. In the output file, a new column will be added, and the validation status for each Aadhaar number will be written in that column.
# Run Command:
python manage.py runserver
